simu/model/AIAnalysisResult.java:15: error: cannot find symbol
    private GlobalState globalState;
            ^
  symbol:   class GlobalState
  location: class AIAnalysisResult
simu/model/AIAnalysisResult.java:28: error: cannot find symbol
                           String trendAnalysis, GlobalState globalState) {
                                                 ^
  symbol:   class GlobalState
  location: class AIAnalysisResult
simu/model/AIAnalysisResult.java:119: error: cannot find symbol
    public GlobalState getGlobalState() {
           ^
  symbol:   class GlobalState
  location: class AIAnalysisResult
simu/model/AIPredictionResult.java:16: error: package ScenarioGenerator does not exist
    private List<ScenarioGenerator.Scenario> scenarios;
                                  ^
simu/model/AIPredictionResult.java:29: error: package ScenarioGenerator does not exist
                             String timelinePredictions, List<ScenarioGenerator.Scenario> scenarios) {
                                                                               ^
simu/model/AIPredictionResult.java:120: error: package ScenarioGenerator does not exist
    public List<ScenarioGenerator.Scenario> getScenarios() {
                                 ^
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:202: error: cannot find symbol
    private static List<ExternalInfluence> createConflictInfluences() {
                        ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:218: error: cannot find symbol
    private static List<ExternalInfluence> createResourceConflictInfluences() {
                        ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:232: error: cannot find symbol
    private static List<ExternalInfluence> createTechnologyConflictInfluences() {
                        ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:246: error: cannot find symbol
    private static List<ExternalInfluence> createRecoveryInfluences() {
                        ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:261: error: cannot find symbol
    private static void analyzeConflictResults(ForecastingEngine engine, String scenarioName, long executionTime) {
                                               ^
  symbol:   class ForecastingEngine
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:336: error: cannot find symbol
    private static double calculateConflictRisk(GlobalState globalState, List<ScenarioGenerator.Scenario> scenarios) {
                                                ^
  symbol:   class GlobalState
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:336: error: package ScenarioGenerator does not exist
    private static double calculateConflictRisk(GlobalState globalState, List<ScenarioGenerator.Scenario> scenarios) {
                                                                                               ^
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:355: error: cannot find symbol
    private static void generateConflictRecommendations(GlobalState globalState, double conflictRisk, String scenarioName) {
                                                        ^
  symbol:   class GlobalState
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
simu/model/AIPredictionResult.java:179: error: package ScenarioGenerator does not exist
        ScenarioGenerator.Scenario mostLikely = scenarios.stream()
                         ^
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:46: error: cannot find symbol
        ForecastingEngine engine = new ForecastingEngine(4, 6, 2); // More countries, fewer researchers
        ^
  symbol:   class ForecastingEngine
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:46: error: cannot find symbol
        ForecastingEngine engine = new ForecastingEngine(4, 6, 2); // More countries, fewer researchers
                                       ^
  symbol:   class ForecastingEngine
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:50: error: cannot find symbol
        GlobalState globalState = engine.getGlobalState();
        ^
  symbol:   class GlobalState
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:65: error: cannot find symbol
        List<ExternalInfluence> conflictInfluences = createConflictInfluences();
             ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:66: error: cannot find symbol
        for (ExternalInfluence influence : conflictInfluences) {
             ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:88: error: cannot find symbol
        ForecastingEngine engine = new ForecastingEngine(6, 4, 3);
        ^
  symbol:   class ForecastingEngine
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:88: error: cannot find symbol
        ForecastingEngine engine = new ForecastingEngine(6, 4, 3);
                                       ^
  symbol:   class ForecastingEngine
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:91: error: cannot find symbol
        GlobalState globalState = engine.getGlobalState();
        ^
  symbol:   class GlobalState
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:105: error: cannot find symbol
        List<ExternalInfluence> resourceConflicts = createResourceConflictInfluences();
             ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:106: error: cannot find symbol
        for (ExternalInfluence influence : resourceConflicts) {
             ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:126: error: cannot find symbol
        ForecastingEngine engine = new ForecastingEngine(5, 3, 6); // More researchers
        ^
  symbol:   class ForecastingEngine
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:126: error: cannot find symbol
        ForecastingEngine engine = new ForecastingEngine(5, 3, 6); // More researchers
                                       ^
  symbol:   class ForecastingEngine
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:129: error: cannot find symbol
        GlobalState globalState = engine.getGlobalState();
        ^
  symbol:   class GlobalState
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:143: error: cannot find symbol
        List<ExternalInfluence> techConflicts = createTechnologyConflictInfluences();
             ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:144: error: cannot find symbol
        for (ExternalInfluence influence : techConflicts) {
             ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:164: error: cannot find symbol
        ForecastingEngine engine = new ForecastingEngine(4, 5, 4);
        ^
  symbol:   class ForecastingEngine
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:164: error: cannot find symbol
        ForecastingEngine engine = new ForecastingEngine(4, 5, 4);
                                       ^
  symbol:   class ForecastingEngine
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:167: error: cannot find symbol
        GlobalState globalState = engine.getGlobalState();
        ^
  symbol:   class GlobalState
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:184: error: cannot find symbol
        List<ExternalInfluence> recoveryInfluences = createRecoveryInfluences();
             ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:185: error: cannot find symbol
        for (ExternalInfluence influence : recoveryInfluences) {
             ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:203: error: cannot find symbol
        List<ExternalInfluence> influences = new ArrayList<>();
             ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:206: error: cannot find symbol
        influences.add(new ExternalInfluence("conflict", 0.3, -0.2, 6.0)); // Major conflict
                           ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:207: error: cannot find symbol
        influences.add(new ExternalInfluence("economic_shock", 0.2, -0.3, 8.0)); // Economic crisis
                           ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:208: error: cannot find symbol
        influences.add(new ExternalInfluence("resource_discovery", 0.1, 0.1, 4.0)); // Rare resource discovery
                           ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:209: error: cannot find symbol
        influences.add(new ExternalInfluence("population_change", 0.15, -0.1, 12.0)); // Population displacement
                           ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:210: error: cannot find symbol
        influences.add(new ExternalInfluence("natural_disaster", 0.1, -0.15, 3.0)); // War-related disasters
                           ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:219: error: cannot find symbol
        List<ExternalInfluence> influences = new ArrayList<>();
             ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:221: error: cannot find symbol
        influences.add(new ExternalInfluence("economic_shock", 0.4, -0.4, 10.0)); // Resource crisis
                           ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:222: error: cannot find symbol
        influences.add(new ExternalInfluence("conflict", 0.25, -0.15, 8.0)); // Resource wars
                           ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:223: error: cannot find symbol
        influences.add(new ExternalInfluence("climate_change", 0.2, -0.1, 15.0)); // Climate stress
                           ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:224: error: cannot find symbol
        influences.add(new ExternalInfluence("population_change", 0.3, -0.2, 18.0)); // Mass migration
                           ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:233: error: cannot find symbol
        List<ExternalInfluence> influences = new ArrayList<>();
             ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:235: error: cannot find symbol
        influences.add(new ExternalInfluence("technological_breakthrough", 0.2, 0.3, 12.0)); // Tech advances
                           ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:236: error: cannot find symbol
        influences.add(new ExternalInfluence("conflict", 0.2, -0.1, 6.0)); // Cyber conflicts
                           ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:237: error: cannot find symbol
        influences.add(new ExternalInfluence("economic_shock", 0.15, -0.2, 8.0)); // Tech market crashes
                           ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:238: error: cannot find symbol
        influences.add(new ExternalInfluence("pandemic", 0.1, -0.1, 10.0)); // Biotech threats
                           ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:247: error: cannot find symbol
        List<ExternalInfluence> influences = new ArrayList<>();
             ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:249: error: cannot find symbol
        influences.add(new ExternalInfluence("economic_shock", 0.1, 0.2, 12.0)); // Economic recovery
                           ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:250: error: cannot find symbol
        influences.add(new ExternalInfluence("technological_breakthrough", 0.15, 0.2, 15.0)); // Rebuilding tech
                           ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:251: error: cannot find symbol
        influences.add(new ExternalInfluence("resource_discovery", 0.2, 0.15, 8.0)); // New resources
                           ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:252: error: cannot find symbol
        influences.add(new ExternalInfluence("population_change", 0.1, 0.1, 20.0)); // Population recovery
                           ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:253: error: cannot find symbol
        influences.add(new ExternalInfluence("conflict", 0.05, -0.05, 4.0)); // Occasional setbacks
                           ^
  symbol:   class ExternalInfluence
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:264: error: cannot find symbol
        GlobalState globalState = engine.getGlobalState();
        ^
  symbol:   class GlobalState
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:265: error: cannot find symbol
        ScenarioGenerator scenarioGen = engine.getScenarioGenerator();
        ^
  symbol:   class ScenarioGenerator
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:286: error: cannot find symbol
        for (Agent agent : engine.getAgents()) {
             ^
  symbol:   class Agent
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:290: error: cannot find symbol
            if (agent instanceof CountryAgent) {
                                 ^
  symbol:   class CountryAgent
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:291: error: cannot find symbol
                CountryAgent country = (CountryAgent) agent;
                ^
  symbol:   class CountryAgent
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:291: error: cannot find symbol
                CountryAgent country = (CountryAgent) agent;
                                        ^
  symbol:   class CountryAgent
  location: class GlobalWarPredictionTest
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:308: error: package ScenarioGenerator does not exist
        List<ScenarioGenerator.Scenario> scenarios = scenarioGen.getAllScenarios();
                              ^
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:309: error: package ScenarioGenerator does not exist
        Map<String, ScenarioGenerator.ScenarioCluster> clusters = scenarioGen.getAllClusters();
                                     ^
test/GlobalWarPredictionTest.java:314: error: package ScenarioGenerator does not exist
        for (ScenarioGenerator.ScenarioCluster cluster : clusters.values()) {
                              ^
Note: simu/model/SimpleLocalAIService.java uses or overrides a deprecated API.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:deprecation for details.
66 errors
